packages/xm_manual/README.md, before:

# XIMA TYPO3 Manual Extension

This extension provides a new page type for creating an editor manual right in the TYPO3 backend.

![Backend Preview](./Documentation/Images/backend_preview.png)

## Features

* Backend module with preview
* PDF download
* Configured [bw_focuspoint_images](https://extensions.typo3.org/extension/bw_focuspoint_images) to annotate screenshots
* Configured [bw_icons](https://extensions.typo3.org/extension/bw_icons) to add inline icons

## Installation

1. Install via composer
2. Create a new page in the page tree
   1. Select doctype "Manual page"
   2. Check "Use as Root Page"
   3. Include static PageTS template
3. Create new TypoScript template
   1. Include static TypoScript template


## Transferring the manual

An initial transfer can be done with the TYPO3 integrated [ImpExp extension](https://docs.typo3.org/c/typo3/cms-impexp/main/en-us/). However, updating an existing page tree is not recommend - better wait for the upcoming extension [xima-typo3-page-sync](https://github.com/xima-media/xima-typo3-page-sync).

## Export

To export the pagetree of the manual, you could use the following command:

```
typo3cms impexp:export --type t3d_compressed --levels 999 --table _ALL --include-related --include-static sys_file_storage _ALL --pid <UID>
```

## Import

```
typo3cms impexp:import --update-records  fileadmin/user_upload/_temp_/importexport/<FILENAME>.t3d
```

Commit message:

feat: register static tempaltes for typoscript and pagets, update readme

packages/xm_manual/README.md, after:

# XIMA TYPO3 Manual Extension

This extension provides a new page type for creating an editor manual right in the TYPO3 backend.

![Backend Preview](./Documentation/Images/backend_preview.png)

## Features

* Backend module with preview
* PDF download
* Configured [bw_focuspoint_images](https://extensions.typo3.org/extension/bw_focuspoint_images) to annotate screenshots
* Configured [bw_icons](https://extensions.typo3.org/extension/bw_icons) to add inline icons

## Installation

1. Install via composer
2. Create a new page in the page tree
   1. Select doctype "Manual page"
   2. Check "Use as Root Page"
   3. Create a site config for this page
3. Include PageTS template
4. Create new TypoScript template + include TypoScript of this extension

## Transferring the manual

An initial transfer can be done with the TYPO3 integrated [ImpExp extension](https://docs.typo3.org/c/typo3/cms-impexp/main/en-us/). However, updating an existing page tree is not recommend - better wait for the upcoming extension [xima-typo3-page-sync](https://github.com/xima-media/xima-typo3-page-sync).

## Export

To export the pagetree of the manual, you could use the following command:

```
typo3cms impexp:export --type t3d_compressed --levels 999 --table _ALL --include-related --include-static sys_file_storage _ALL --pid <UID>
```

## Import

```
typo3cms impexp:import --update-records  fileadmin/user_upload/_temp_/importexport/<FILENAME>.t3d
```
